"Phrases"
{
	"b8504ba3465687a32581b1f7d53aa6a9"
	{
		"en"		"Deactivate the rogue AI that is spreading the virus."
		"ar"		"Deactivate the rogue AI that is spreading the virus."
		"pt"		"Deactivate the rogue AI that is spreading the virus."
		"bg"		"Deactivate the rogue AI that is spreading the virus."
		"cze"		"Deactivate the rogue AI that is spreading the virus."
		"da"		"Deactivate the rogue AI that is spreading the virus."
		"nl"		"Deactivate the rogue AI that is spreading the virus."
		"fi"		"Deactivate the rogue AI that is spreading the virus."
		"fr"		"Deactivate the rogue AI that is spreading the virus."
		"de"		"Deactivate the rogue AI that is spreading the virus."
		"el"		"Deactivate the rogue AI that is spreading the virus."
		"he"		"Deactivate the rogue AI that is spreading the virus."
		"hu"		"Deactivate the rogue AI that is spreading the virus."
		"it"		"Deactivate the rogue AI that is spreading the virus."
		"jp"		"Deactivate the rogue AI that is spreading the virus."
		"ko"		"Deactivate the rogue AI that is spreading the virus."
		"lv"		"Deactivate the rogue AI that is spreading the virus."
		"lt"		"Deactivate the rogue AI that is spreading the virus."
		"no"		"Deactivate the rogue AI that is spreading the virus."
		"pl"		"Deactivate the rogue AI that is spreading the virus."
		"pt_p"		"Deactivate the rogue AI that is spreading the virus."
		"ro"		"Deactivate the rogue AI that is spreading the virus."
		"ru"		"Deactivate the rogue AI that is spreading the virus."
		"chi"		"Deactivate the rogue AI that is spreading the virus."
		"sk"		"Deactivate the rogue AI that is spreading the virus."
		"es"		"Deactivate the rogue AI that is spreading the virus."
		"sv"		"Deactivate the rogue AI that is spreading the virus."
		"th"		"Deactivate the rogue AI that is spreading the virus."
		"tr"		"Deactivate the rogue AI that is spreading the virus."
		"ua"		"Deactivate the rogue AI that is spreading the virus."
		"vi"		"Deactivate the rogue AI that is spreading the virus."
	}
}
